Blackswan Junior Java Test Readme
---------------
## General
* Always use comments and Java Docs in your code. This is the easiest way to impress people looking at tests. It shows that you take care in creating readable code that can easily been maintained.
* Do not include the project files, build scripts or any other redundant files generated by IDE’s. You must submit code that is independent of any environment or IDE.
* If you really want to impress the reviewer, upload your code to a remote version control repository e.g. GIT.
* Remember that this is only one possible way to solve the questions and no candidates were penalised for alternative solutions.
* For all tests JDK 7 was used. Some of the solutions could be optimised with streams and or lambdas.

## Question 1:
* I created a utility class with only static methods. There is no reason to instantiate the class with parameters.
* I was looking for reusable code with loops being kept to a minimum. As in the memorandum code the iterations are kept to a minimum and won’t ever be more that the height of the diamond. This being said, using multiple loops and System.out.print is also fine.

## Question 2:
* I created a utility class with only static methods. There is no reason to instantiate the class with parameters.
* A lot of candidates copied and pasted the answer verbatim from the internet. (Yes, I can also google). At least some of the candidates took some time to change the variable names, but I've penalised the candidates that didn't try to solve the problem in their own way.

## Question 3:
* I created a utility class with only static methods. There is no reason to instantiate the class with parameters.
* I've overloaded the method to create an easier understandable method for the client.

## Question 4:
* I was looking for the use of interfaces. As a rule, use interfaces when you want a full implementation and use abstract classes when you want partial pieces for your design. Interfaces also supports multiple inheritance if you want to extend your classes in the future.
* I was also looking for a shape specific constructor per class e.g. a circle only takes radius, but a rectangle have a width and length etc. No argument constructors doesn’t make sense. You can also extended the rectangle to create a square class (but be aware of the Liskov substitution principle).
* Using a factory design pattern would have been the best course of action, but I've kept the answer simple.